
#  Grumpy Bookstore Owner


There is a bookstore owner that has a store open for `n` minutes. You are given an integer array `customers` of length `n` where `customers[i]` is the number of customers that enter the store at the start of the `i`th minute and all those customers leave after the end of that minute.

During certain minutes, the bookstore owner is grumpy. You are given a binary array `grumpy` where `grumpy[i]` is `1` if the bookstore owner is grumpy during the `i`th minute, and is `0` otherwise.

When the bookstore owner is grumpy, the customers entering during that minute are not satisfied. Otherwise, they are satisfied.

The bookstore owner knows a secret technique to remain not grumpy for `minutes` consecutive minutes, but this technique can only be used once.

Return the maximum number of customers that can be satisfied throughout the day.

#### Example 1:
**Input:** 
`customers = [1,0,1,2,1,1,7,5], grumpy = [0,1,0,1,0,1,0,1], minutes = 3`
**Output:** 
`16`
**Explanation:**
The bookstore owner keeps themselves not grumpy for the last 3 minutes.
The maximum number of customers that can be satisfied = 1 + 1 + 1 + 1 + 7 + 5 = 16.

#### Example 2:
**Input:** 
`customers = [1], grumpy = [0], minutes = 1`
**Output:** 
`1`

#### Constraints:
- `n == customers.length == grumpy.length`
- `1 <= minutes <= n <= 2 * 10^5`
- `0 <= customers[i] <= 10000`
- `grumpy[i]` is either `0` or `1`


# Solution


```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

int maxSatisfied(vector<int>& customers, vector<int>& grumpy, int minutes) {
    int n = customers.size();
    int ans = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        if (grumpy[i] == 0) {
            ans += customers[i];
        }
    }

    int unsatis = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < minutes; i++) {
        if (grumpy[i] == 1) {
            unsatis += customers[i];
        }
    }

    int max = unsatis;
    for (int i = minutes; i < n; i++) {
        if (grumpy[i - minutes] == 1) {
            unsatis -= customers[i - minutes];
        }
        if (grumpy[i] == 1) {
            unsatis += customers[i];
        }
        max = max(max, unsatis);
    }

    return ans + max;
}

int main() {
    int n, minutes;
    cin >> n;
    vector<int> customers(n), grumpy(n);
    
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        cin >> customers[i];
    }

    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        cin >> grumpy[i];
    }
    
    cin >> minutes;

    cout << maxSatisfied(customers, grumpy, minutes) << endl;

    return 0;
}

```


```python
def maxSatisfied(customers, grumpy, minutes):
    n = len(customers)
    ans = 0
    for i in range(n):
        if grumpy[i] == 0:
            ans += customers[i]
    
    unsatis = 0
    for i in range(minutes):
        if grumpy[i] == 1:
            unsatis += customers[i]
    
    max_unsatis = unsatis
    for i in range(minutes, n):
        if grumpy[i - minutes] == 1:
            unsatis -= customers[i - minutes]
        if grumpy[i] == 1:
            unsatis += customers[i]
        max_unsatis = max(max_unsatis, unsatis)
    
    return ans + max_unsatis

n = int(input())
customers = list(map(int, input().split()))
grumpy = list(map(int, input().split()))
minutes = int(input())

print(maxSatisfied(customers, grumpy, minutes))

```
