# Furthest Building You Can Reach

You are given an integer array `heights` representing the heights of buildings, some bricks, and some ladders.

You start your journey from building 0 and move to the next building by possibly using bricks or ladders.

While moving from building `i` to building `i+1` (0-indexed):

- If the current building's height is greater than or equal to the next building's height, you do not need a ladder or bricks.
- If the current building's height is less than the next building's height, you can either:
    
    - Use **one ladder** to move to the next building, or
    - Use **(heights[i+1] - heights[i]) bricks** to move to the next building.
    
    **If you do not use bricks to move from one building to another (even if a ladder is used), you must leave 1 brick behind** in each building you pass through.

### Return:

- The furthest building index (0-indexed) you can reach if you use the given ladders and bricks optimally, considering the brick loss condition.

### Example 1:

**Input**:  
`heights = [4, 2, 7, 6, 9, 14, 12], bricks = 5, ladders = 1`

**Output**:  
`3`

**Explanation**:  
Starting at building 0, you can follow these steps:

- Go to building 1 without using ladders nor bricks since `4 >= 2`. You lose 1 brick for the next building.
- Go to building 2 using your only **ladder**. You lose 1 brick for the next building.
- Go to building 3 without using ladders nor bricks since `7 >= 6`. You lose 1 brick for the next building.


It is impossible to go beyond building 3 because you do not have enough bricks or ladders.

### Example 2:

**Input**:  
`heights = [4, 12, 2, 7, 3, 18, 20, 3, 19], bricks = 0, ladders = 2`

**Output**:  
`0`
**Explanation**:  
It is impossible to go beyond building 0 because you do not have enough bricks to leave.


### Example 3:

**Input**:  
`heights = [14, 3, 19, 3], bricks = 18, ladders = 0`

**Output**:  
`3`

---

### Constraints:

- `1 <= heights.length <= 10^5`
- `1 <= heights[i] <= 10^6`
- `0 <= bricks <= 10^9`
- `0 <= ladders <= heights.length`



# Solution

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

int furthestBuilding(vector<int>& A, int bricks, int ladders) {
    priority_queue<int> pq;
    for (int i = 0; i < A.size() - 1; i++) {
        int d = A[i + 1] - A[i];
        if (d > 0)
            pq.push(-d);
        if (pq.size() > ladders) {
            bricks += pq.top();
            pq.pop();
            bricks++;
        }
        bricks--;
        if (bricks < 0)
            return i;
    }
    return A.size() - 1;
}

int main() {
    int n, bricks, ladders;
    cin >> n;

    vector<int> A(n);
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        cin >> A[i];
    }

    cin >> bricks >> ladders;

    cout << furthestBuilding(A, bricks, ladders) << endl;

    return 0;
}

```


```python
import heapq

def furthestBuilding(A, bricks, ladders):
    pq = []
    for i in range(len(A) - 1):
        d = A[i + 1] - A[i]
        if d > 0:
            heapq.heappush(pq, -d)
        if len(pq) > ladders:
            bricks += -heapq.heappop(pq)
            bricks += 1
        bricks -= 1
        if bricks < 0:
            return i
    return len(A) - 1

# Input
n = int(input())
A = list(map(int, input().split()))
bricks, ladders = map(int, input().split())

# Output
print(furthestBuilding(A, bricks, ladders))

```